Is a hippopotomus really a hippopotomus or just a really cool opotomus?

- Mitch Hedberg
%
I tried to walk into Target, but I missed.

- Mitch Hedberg
%
See, this CD is in stores. The only way I could get my last CD into a
store was to take one in there and leave it. "Sir, you forgot this!"
"No, I did not. That is for sale. Please alphabetize it."

- Mitch Hedberg
%
(Pointing to the back of the room as if to relay his post-show
whereabouts.) If you wanna talk to me after the show I'll be ... fuckin'
surprised.

- Mitch Hedberg
%
I don't have a microwave oven but I do have a clock that occasionally
cooks shit.

- Mitch Hedberg
%
We're gonna have to sweeten some of these jokes. That's a showbiz term
for "add sugar to".

- Mitch Hedberg
%
I want to hang a map of the world in my house then I'm gonna put pins
into all the locations that I've travelled to. But first I'm gonna have
to travel to the top two corners of the map so it won't fall down.

- Mitch Hedberg
%
Hey this jokes on the first CD but I added a new line so I can't fuckin'
rob you of this one. I got a ant farm but them fellas didn't grow shit.
I said c'mon what about some celery. You fuckers don't farm; plus, if I
tore your legs off you would look like snowmen.

- Mitch Hedberg
%
I didn't go to college but if I did I would've taken all my tests at a
restaurant "cuz the customer's always right."

- Mitch Hedberg
%
Alright, alright. That joke's better than you acted. Perhaps it's not.
Maybe it's dumb. It could be. I hear you, man. I'm not a fuckin' genius
for Christ's sakes. You know. I'm just tryin' to tell some jokes. Shit.
Who the fuck are you? That track is number fourteen. It's called
"Attitude".

- Mitch Hedberg
%
I don't have any children but if I had a baby I would have to name it so
I'd buy a "baby naming book". Or I would invite somebody over who had a
cast on.

- Mitch Hedberg
%
"I've got an oscillating fan at my house. The fan goes back and forth.
It looks like the fan is saying "No". So I like to ask it questions that
a fan would say no to. Do you keep my hair in place? Do you keep my
documents in order? Do you have three settings? Liar! My fan fucking
lied to me. Now I will pull the pin up. Now you ain't sayin' shit."

- Mitch Hedberg
%
If you find yourself lost in the woods, fuck it!, build a house. Well, I
was lost but now I live here. I have severely improved my predicament.

- Mitch Hedberg
%
I was walking by a dry cleaner at three a.m., and it said "Sorry, we're
closed." You don't have to be sorry. It's three a.m., and you're a dry
cleaner. It would be ridiculous for me to expect you to be open. I'm not
gonna walk by at ten and say, "Hey, I walked by at three, you guys were
closed. Someone owes me an apology. This jacket would be halfway done!"

- Mitch Hedberg
%
I saw this commercial on late night TV, it was for this thing you attach
to a garden hose, it was like "You can water your hard-to-reach plants
with this product." Who the fuck would make their plants hard to reach?
That seems so very mean."

- Mitch Hedberg
%
I order the club sandwich all the time, but I'm not even a member, man.
I don't know how I get away with it.

- Mitch Hedberg
%
I went to a pizzeria, I ordered a slice of pizza, the fucker gave me the
smallest slice possible. If the pizza was a pie chart for what people
would do if they found a million dollars, the fucker gave me the "donate
it to charity" slice. I would like to exchange this for the "keep it!"

- Mitch Hedberg
%
I saw this wino, he was eating grapes. I was like, "Dude, you have to
wait."

- Mitch Hedberg
%
When I play the South, they say "ya'll" in the South. They take out the
"O" and the "U". So when I'm in the South I try to talk like that so
people understand me. "Hello, can I have a bowl of chicken noodle s-p?
Come on, I'm in the South, you understand. I mean I'm in the Sth, and I
want some s-p!" "I stubbed my toe, -ch!" "I need to lay down on the
c-ch!" "I need to get the fuck -t of the S-th!"

- Mitch Hedberg
%
I sit at my hotel at night, I think of something that's funny, then I go
get a pen and I write it down. Or if the pen's too far away, I have to
convince myself that what I thought of ain't funny.

- Mitch Hedberg
%
You know, I'm sick of following my dreams, man. I'm just going to ask
where they're going and hook up with 'em later.

- Mitch Hedberg
%
I went to the store to buy a candleholder but the store didnt have one,
so i got a cake.

- Mitch Hedberg
%
I had a neighbor, and whenever he would knock on my wall I knew he
wanted me to turn my music down, and that made me angry because I like
loud music, so when he knocked on the wall I'd mess with his head. I'd
say: "Go around! I cannot open the wall. I don't know if you have a
doorknob on the other side, but over here there's nothing. It's just
flat."

- Mitch Hedberg
%
I like escalators because an escalator can never break: it can only
become stairs. You'll never see an Escalator Temporarily Out Of Order
sign, just Escalator Temporarily Stairs. Sorry for the convenience. We
apologize that you can still get up there.

- Mitch Hedberg
%
I rent a lot of cars, but I don't always know everything about them. So
a lot of times, I drive for like ten miles with the emergency brake on.
That doesn't say a lot for me, but it really doesn't say a lot for the
emergency brake. It's really not an emergency brake, it's an emergency
"make the car smell funny" lever.

- Mitch Hedberg
%
I don't have a girlfriend. I just know a girl who would get really mad
if she heard me say that.

- Mitch Hedberg
%
I want to be a race car passenger. Just a guy who bugs the driver. "Say,
man, can I turn on the radio?" "You should slow down." "Why we gotta
keep going in circles?" "Man, you really like Tide."

- Mitch Hedberg
%
I was in a casino, I was standing by the door, and a security guard came
over and said "You're gonna have to move. You're blocking the fire
exit." As though if there was a fire, I wasn't gonna run. If you're
flammable and have legs, you are never blocking a fire exit. Unless you
are a table.

- Mitch Hedberg
%
Whenever I walk, people try to hand me out flyers. And when someone
tries to hand me out a flyer, it's kinda like they're saying "Here, you
throw this away."

- Mitch Hedberg
%
Because of acid, I now know that butter is way better than margarine. I
saw through the bullshit.

- Mitch Hedberg
%
I hate turtlenecks. Wearing a turtleneck is like being strangled by a
really weak guy. All day. Like, if you wear a turtleneck and a backpack,
it's like a weak midget trying to bring you down.

- Mitch Hedberg
%
I went camping once, and got into an argument with a girlfriend in the
tent. This is a really bad place to get in an argument, because I walked
out and attempted to "slam the flap." How are you supposed to express
your anger in this type of situation? Zipper it up really quick? *Zipper
Noise*! Fuck you

- Mitch Hedberg
%
When you go to a restaurant on the weekends and it's busy so they start
a waiting list, they say, "DuFresnes, party of two, table ready for
DuFresnes, party of two." And if no one answers they'll say the name
again: "DuFresnes, party of two." But then if no one answers, they'll
move on to the next name. "Bush, party of three." Yeah, but what
happened to the DuFresnes!? No one seems to care! Who can eat at a time
like this!? People are missing. You people are selfish. The DuFresnes
are in someone's trunk right now, with duct tape over their mouths. And
they're hungry. That's a double whammy. We need help. "Bush, search
party of three." You can eat once you find the DuFresnes."

- Mitch Hedberg
%
I bought a doughnut and they gave me a receipt for the doughnut. I don't
need a receipt for a doughnut. I'll give you the money, you give me the
doughnut—end of transaction. We do not need to bring ink and paper
into this. I just cannot imagine a scenario where I would have to prove
that I bought a doughnut. Some skeptical friend—"Don't even act like I
didn't get that doughnut—I got the documentation right here! (pause)
Oh wait, it's back home in the file, under 'D', for doughnut." 'Cuz we
all know that 'D' is for doughnut.

- Mitch Hedberg
%
People used to think I was high on stage, because people associate long
hair with drug use. I wish long hair was associated with something other
than drug use. Like an extreme longing for cake. Then strangers would
see a long haired guy and say, "That guy eats cake. He is on bunt cake."
Mothers would say to their daughters, "Don't bring the cake eater over
here anymore! He smells like flour. Did you see how excited he got when
he heard your birthday was fast approaching?"

- Mitch Hedberg
%
Last time I called shotgun we had rented a limo, so I fucked up.

- Mitch Hedberg
%
I like baked potatoes, man. I don’t have a microwave oven. It takes
forever to cook a baked potato in a conventional oven. Sometimes I’ll
just throw one in there, even if I don’t want one. By the time it’s
done, who knows.

- Mitch Hedberg
%
I’ll tell ya, I go to a craft fair, I see a jar of jelly beans. They
say, “Guess how many jelly beans are in the jar and you win a
prize!” Aw come on, man. Let me just have some. I’ll tell you what,
you guess how many I want. If you said a handful, you are right.

- Mitch Hedberg
%
About once every three years I think about buying a yo-yo. I’ll be at
the store and I’ll come upon the yo-yo section. And I’ll fantasize
about mastering it to the point where it becomes a reference as to who I
am. “Do you know Mitch Hedberg? Is he that guy that kicks ass on the
yo-yo?” Yes I do. He is cool.

- Mitch Hedberg
%
Every day for breakfast I have a bowl of instant oatmeal, then I don't
do anything for an hour. Makes me wonder why I need the instant oatmeal.
I could get the regular oatmeal and feel productive.

- Mitch Hedberg
%
I ordered a chicken sandwich but I think the waitress mis-understood me
because she said, "How would you like your eggs?" So I tried to answer
her anyhow. I said "Incubated, and then raised, and then beheaded, and
then plucked and then cut up then put onto a grill then put onto a bun,
damn it's gonna take awhile. I don't have time, scrambled!" - Live in
Seattle, December 3, 2004

- Mitch Hedberg
%
I got an ant farm...them fellas didn't grow shit.

- Mitch Hedberg
%
I hope the next time I move I get a real easy phone number, something
that's real easy to remember. Something like two two two two two two two
two. I would say "Sweet." And then people would say, "Mitch, how do I
get a hold of you?" I'd say, "Just press two for a while. And when I
answer, you will know you have pressed two enough."

- Mitch Hedberg
%
My roommate said to me, 'I'm gonna go shave and use the shower, does
anyone need to use the bathroom?' It's like some weird ass quiz where he
reveals the answer first.

- Mitch Hedberg
%
I bought a seven dollar pen because I always lose pens and I got sick of
not caring.

- Mitch Hedberg
%
My friend asked me if I wanted a frozen banana, I said "no, but I want a
regular banana later, so ... yeah".

- Mitch Hedberg
%
A guy told me he liked cherries...but... I waited to see if he was gonna
say tomato...before i realized he likes cherries just...alright, that
joke is rediculous. That's like a carbon copy of the previous joke but
with different ingredients. I don't know what i was trying to pull off
there.

- Mitch Hedberg
%
Last week I helped my friend stay put. It's a lot easier'n helpin' 'em
move. I just went over to his house and made sure that he did not start
to load shit into a truck.

- Mitch Hedberg
%
Whenever I go to shave, I assume there's someone else on the planet
shaving, so I say, "I'm gonna go shave, too."

- Mitch Hedberg
%
On a stop light green means go and yellow means slow down, but on a
banana it's just the opposite. Green means hold on, yellow means go
ahead, and red means, 'where the fuck did you get that banana at?'

- Mitch Hedberg
%
I never joined the army because "at ease" never seemed that easy to me.
It seemed rather uptight, still. I do not relax by putting my arms
behind my back and parting my legs slightly, that does not equal ease to
me. At ease is not being in the military. I'm eased bro, cause I'm not
in the military.

- Mitch Hedberg
%
My friend said to me, "I think the weather's trippy." I said, "No, man,
it's not the weather that's trippy, perhaps it is the way that we
perceive it that is indeed trippy." Then I thought, "Man, I should've
just said, 'Yeah.'"

- Mitch Hedberg
%
I dressed up for the CD

- Mitch Hedberg
%
I used to do drugs. I still do, but I used to, too.

- Mitch Hedberg
%
Popsicles are for the summertime...

- Mitch Hedberg
%
When you buy a box of Ritz crackers, on the back of the box, they have
all these suggestions as to what to put on top of the Ritz. "Try it with
turkey and cheese. Try it with peanut butter." But I like crackers man,
that's why I bought it, 'cause I like crackers! I don't see a suggestion
to put a Ritz on top of a Ritz. I didn't buy them because they're little
edible plates! You've got no faith in the product itself.

- Mitch Hedberg
%
This is what my friend said to me; he said, "You know what I like?
Mashed potatoes." It's like,"Dude. you have to give me time to guess. If
you're gonna quiz me, you have to insert a pause."

- Mitch Hedberg
%
I'm against picketing, but I don't know how to show it.

- Mitch Hedberg
%
I was walking down the street with my friend and he said, "I hear
music", as if there is any other way you can take it in. You're not
special, that's how I receive it too. I tried to taste it but it did not
work.

- Mitch Hedberg
%
I haven't slept for ten days, because that would be too long.

- Mitch Hedberg
%
I think Bigfoot is blurry, that's the problem. It's not the
photographer's fault. Bigfoot is blurry, and that's extra scary to me.
There's a large out of focus monster roaming the countryside. Look out,
he's fuzzy, let's get out of here.

- Mitch Hedberg
%
This shirt is "dry-clean only"...which means it's dirty.

- Mitch Hedberg
%
My lucky number is four billion. That doesn't come in real handy when
you're gambling. "Come on four billion! Fuck! Seven. Not even close. I
need some more dice. Four billion divided by six, at least."

- Mitch Hedberg
%
I saw some two-dollar bills, today. They were for sale for eight
dollars. Something went severely wrong there. What happened? It spun out
of control. Now it's worth eight, still says "two".

- Mitch Hedberg
%
One time, this guy handed me a picture of him, he said,"Here's a picture
of me when I was younger." Every picture of you is when you were
younger. "Here's a picture of me when I'm older." "You son-of-a-bitch!
How'd you pull that off? Lemme see that camera!"

- Mitch Hedberg
%
If you boat a lot you are known as a boating enthusiast. I like to boat,
but I just don't ever want to be referred to as a boating enthusiast. I
hope they call me a guy that likes to boat.

- Mitch Hedberg
%
I play sports...no I don't, what the fuck?

- Mitch Hedberg
%
Sometimes I wave to people I don't know. It's very dangerous to wave to
someone you don't know because what if they don't have a hand? They'll
think you're cocky. "Look what I got motherfucker! This thing is useful.
I'm gonna go pick something up!"

- Mitch Hedberg
%
I've always wanted a suitcase handcuffed to my wrist

- Mitch Hedberg
%
If carrots got you drunk, rabbits would be fucked up.

- Mitch Hedberg
%
I wrote a script and gave it to a guy that reads scripts. And he read it
and said he really likes it, but he thinks I need to rewrite it. I said,
"Fuck that, I'll just make a copy."

- Mitch Hedberg
%
My apartment is infested with koala bears. Its the cutest infestation
ever. Much better than cockroaches.

- Mitch Hedberg
%
I like vending machines 'cuz snacks are better when they fall. If I buy
a candy bar at a store, oftentimes, I will drop it so that it achieves
it's maximum flavor potential.

- Mitch Hedberg
%
So I wish I could play little league now, I'd kick some fuckin' ass.

- Mitch Hedberg
%
If I was a locksmith I'd be fuckin' pimpin' that shit out."Say, what's
goin' on, man? Tell you what. I'll trade you a free key
duplication(laughs)." That joke made me laugh before I could finish it.
Which is good 'cuz there's no ending

- Mitch Hedberg
%
I drank some boiling water 'cuz I wanted to whistle

- Mitch Hedberg
%
This is a CD called HIT AND MISS.

- Mitch Hedberg
%
Hey Frampton! Do you like toast? Me too! It is warm and crispy and the
perfect place for jelly to lay. Now stay away from me Frampton, I ain't
got shit to say to you!

- Mitch Hedberg
%
I like wearing this pass, because it lets me know when I'm upside down.

- Mitch Hedberg
%
I like rice. Rice is great when you're hungry and you want 2,000 of
something.

- Mitch Hedberg
%
You know when it comes to racism, people say: " I don't care if they're
black, white, purple or green"... Ooh hold on now: Purple or Green? You
gotta draw the line somewhere! To hell with purple people! - Unless
they're suffocating - then help'em.

- Mitch Hedberg
%
I saw a commercial on late night TV, it said,"Forget everything you know
about slipcovers." So I did. And it was a load off my mind. Then the
commercial tried to sell me slipcovers, and I didn't know what the hell
they were.

- Mitch Hedberg
%
I like the American-Canadian border, 'cuz if you're walking on the
border with a friend, and you push your friend into Canada, he can't
push you back right away, 'cuz first he has to go through customs. "What
brings you to Canada?":[Points to the side] "That asshole." "When are
you leaving?" "As soon as I regain my equilibrium!"

- Mitch Hedberg
%
I have a new CD; it's in stores, and when you have a CD in stores, you
have to do in-store appearances, and if nobody shows up, I just pretend
like I'm shopping. That's how I shop; I sit behind a table with a pen.

- Mitch Hedberg
%
Some people think I'm high on stage; I would never get high before a
show, because, when I'm high, I don't wanna stand in front of a bunch of
people I don't know. That does not sound comfortable. Like, when you're
high, and a joke doesn't work, it's extra scary. It's like,"Whoa, what
the hell happened there? I am retreating within myself. Why have all
these people gathered? And why am I elevated? Why am I not facing the
same way as everyone else? And what is this electric stick in my hand?"

- Mitch Hedberg
%
(to audience) I like the way this is situated here. It seems like you
guys were chasing me, closing in, and then said "fuck it...lets sit
down".

- Mitch Hedberg
%
I was walking down the street the other day when this guy asked if I
wanted a frozen banana...I said 'no' but then thought I might want a
regular banana later, so...yeah.

- Mitch Hedberg
%
I love my fed-ex guy cause he's a drug dealer and he don't even know
it...and he's always on time.

- Mitch Hedberg
%
They say Flintstone's vitamins are chewable. All vitamins are chewable,
it's just that they taste shitty. I'm glad they made Flintstone's
vitamins because I used to watch The Flintstones and go, "Man I bet you
if I ate that dude, I would be healthy."

- Mitch Hedberg
%
You know that word "lull"? That's four letters, three of them are L's,
fuck! That's too many L's in one word! The word lull is one letter away
from...oh shit. That'll fuck up a joke!

- Mitch Hedberg
%
I like when they bring a comedian on stage, they always tell you what
else they do. But fuck, this is enough, isn't it? He's here tonight
performing, because that is his job! But no, it's gotta be, "He laid
bricks in Philadelphia. And he repaired a car in Oklahoma. He has an
umbrella store in Philadelphia. That's the only city that comes to mind
right now. Philadelphia, 'cause you can say "Philly" and the people from
Philadelphia will not get mad. Like if you say "Frisco," San Francisco
people say, "Fuck off!" But if you say "Philly" they say, "Alright!"
Because I don't always have time to say "Philadelphia." Sometimes I just
need that word to be two syllables. Phil-a-del-phi-a. Fuck, five! Your
town would be called Philly too if it had five syllables!

- Mitch Hedberg
