"Did you sleep good?" "No, I made a couple of mistakes."

- Steven Wright
%
"So, do you live around here often?"

- Steven Wright
%
A cop stopped me for speeding. He said, "Why were you going so fast?"
I said, "See this thing my foot is on? It's called an accelerator.
When you push down on it, it sends more gas to the engine. The whole
car just takes right off. And see this thing? This steers it."

- Steven Wright
%
A fool and his money are soon partying.

- Steven Wright
%
A friend of mine once sent me a post card with a picture of the entire
planet Earth taken from space. On the back it said, "Wish you were
here."

- Steven Wright
%
A lot of people are afraid of heights. Not me, I'm afraid of widths.

- Steven Wright
%
After they make styrofoam, what do they ship it in?

- Steven Wright
%
All of the people in my building are insane. The guy above me designs
synthetic hairballs for ceramic cats. The lady across the hall tried
to rob a department store...with a pricing gun. She said, "Give me all
of the money in the vault, or I'm marking down everything in the
store."

- Steven Wright
%
All the plants in my house are dead---I shot them last night. I was
teasing them by watering them with ice cubes.

- Steven Wright
%
Bills travel through the mail at twice the speed of checks.

- Steven Wright
%
Boycott shampoo! Demand the REAL poo!

- Steven Wright
%
Change is inevitable....except from vending machines.

- Steven Wright
%
Cross country skiing is great if you live in a small country.

- Steven Wright
%
Curiosity killed the cat, but for a while I was a suspect.

- Steven Wright
%
Do fish get cramps after eating?

- Steven Wright
%
Do married people live longer than single people or does it just seem
longer?

- Steven Wright
%
Do they have reserved parking for non-handicapped people at the
Special Olympics?

- Steven Wright
%
Do you think that when they asked George Washington for ID that he
just whipped out a quarter?

- Steven Wright
%
Doing a little work around the house. I put fake brick wallpaper over
a real brick wall, just so I'd be the only one who knew. People come
over and I'm gonna say, "Go ahead, touch it...it feels real."

- Steven Wright
%
Drugs may lead to nowhere, but at least it's the scenic route.

- Steven Wright
%
Even snakes are afraid of snakes.

- Steven Wright
%
Ever notice how irons have a setting for PERMANENT press? I don't get
it...

- Steven Wright
%
Everywhere is walking distance if you have the time.

- Steven Wright
%
Experience is something you don't get until just after you need it.

- Steven Wright
%
Factorials were someone's attempt to make math look exciting.

- Steven Wright
%
For a while I didn't have a car...I had a helicopter...no place to
park it, so I just tied it to a lamp post and left it running...[slow
glance upward]

- Steven Wright
%
For every action, there is an equal and opposite criticism.

- Steven Wright
%
For my birthday I got a humidifier and a de-humidifier...I put them in
the same room and let them fight it out...then I put wax in the
humidifier...now my room's all shiny.

- Steven Wright
%
George is a radio announcer, and when he walks under a bridge you
can't hear him talk.

- Steven Wright
%
How come Superman could stop bullets with his chest, but always ducked
when someone threw a gun at him?

- Steven Wright
%
How come you don't ever hear about gruntled employees?

- Steven Wright
%
How young can you die of old age?

- Steven Wright
%
I bought a cheap piece of land... It was on someone else's property.

- Steven Wright
%
I bought a dog the other day...I named him Stay. It's fun to call
him... "Come here, Stay! Come here, Stay!" He's much smarter now...
Now when I call him he just ignores me and keeps on typing.

- Steven Wright
%
I bought a house, on a one-way dead-end road; I don't know how I got
there, but I can't leave.

- Steven Wright
%
I bought a self-learning record to learn Spanish. I turned it on and
went to sleep; the record got stuck. The next day I could only stutter
in Spanish.

- Steven Wright
%
I bought my brother some gift-wrap for Christmas. I took it to the
Gift Wrap department and told them to wrap it, but in a different
print so he would know when to stop unwrapping.

- Steven Wright
%
I broke a mirror in my house. I'm supposed to get seven years of bad
luck, but my lawyer thinks he can get me five.

- Steven Wright
%
I broke my arm trying to fold a bed. It wasn't the kind that folds.

- Steven Wright
%
I can levitate birds. No one cares.

- Steven Wright
%
I can remember the first time I had to go to sleep. Mom said, "Steven,
time to go to sleep." I said, "But I don't know how." She said, "It's
real easy. Just go down to the end of tired and hang a left." So I
went down to the end of tired, and just out of curiosity I hung a
right. My mother was there, and she said "I thought I told you to go
to sleep."

- Steven Wright
%
I didn't get a toy train like the other kids. I got a toy subway
instead. You couldn't see anything, but every now and then you'd hear
this rumbling noise go by.

- Steven Wright
%
I don't have to walk my dog anymore. I walked him all at once.

- Steven Wright
%
I don't like the sound of my phone ringing so I put my phone inside my
fish tank. I can't hear it, but every time I get a call I see the fish
go like this <<<>>><<>><<<<. I go down to the pet store -- "Gimme
another ten guppies, I got a lotta calls yesterday."

- Steven Wright
%
I feel like I'm diagonally parked in a parallel universe.

- Steven Wright
%
I got a new shadow. I had to get rid of the other one—it wasn't
doing what I was doing.

- Steven Wright
%
I got food poisoning today. I don't know when I'll use it.

- Steven Wright
%
I got my driver's license photo taken out of focus on purpose. Now
when I get pulled over the cop looks at it (moving it nearer and
farther, trying to see it clearly)...and says, "Here, you can go."

- Steven Wright
%
I got up one morning, couldn't find my socks, so I called Information.
She said, "Hello, Information." I said, "I can't find my socks." She
said, "They're behind the couch." And they were!

- Steven Wright
%
I had a friend who was a clown. When he died, all his friends went to
the funeral in one car.

- Steven Wright
%
I had some eyeglasses. I was walking down the street when suddenly the
prescription ran out.

- Steven Wright
%
I had to stop driving my car for a while. The tires got dizzy.

- Steven Wright
%
I hate when my foot falls asleep during the day because that means
it's going to be up all night.

- Steven Wright
%
I have a box of powdered water. I never know what to add.

- Steven Wright
%
I have a decaffeinated coffee table. You'd never know it to look at
it.

- Steven Wright
%
I have an answering machine in my car. It says, "I'm home now. But
leave a message and I'll call when I'm out."

- Steven Wright
%
I have the oldest typewriter in the world. It types in pencil.

- Steven Wright
%
I have two very rare photographs. One is a picture of Houdini locking
his keys in his car. The other is a rare photograph of Norman Rockwell
beating up a child.

- Steven Wright
%
I hooked up my accelerator pedal in my car to my brake lights. I hit
the gas, people behind me stop, and I'm gone.

- Steven Wright
%
I installed a skylight in my apartment. The people who live above me
are furious!

- Steven Wright
%
I invented the cordless extension cord.

- Steven Wright
%
I just lost a buttonhole. [while looking at stage floor]

- Steven Wright
%
I know a man who is a midget dwarf, he's this tall. [holding his thumb
and forefinger three inches apart] He poses for trophies.

- Steven Wright
%
I like candy canes; they're my favorite candy. But I only like the
white part.

- Steven Wright
%
I like to go to art museums and name the untitled paintings...Boy With
Pail... Kitten On Fire.

- Steven Wright
%
I like to reminisce with people I don't know.

- Steven Wright
%
I like to skate on the other side of the ice.

- Steven Wright
%
I locked my keys in the car the other day. But it was alright; I was
still inside.

- Steven Wright
%
I met this wonderful girl at Macy's. She was buying clothes and I was
putting Slinkies on the escalator.

- Steven Wright
%
I mix my water myself—two parts H and one part O.

- Steven Wright
%
I once locked my keys out of my car. I had break out of my car with a
coat hanger.

- Steven Wright
%
I play the harmonica. The only way I can play is if I get my car going
really fast, and stick it out the window. I put a new engine in my
car, but forgot to take the old one out. Now my car goes 500 miles per
hour. The harmonica sounds *amazing*.

- Steven Wright
%
I plugged my phone in where the blender used to be. I called someone.
They went "Aaaaahhhh..."

- Steven Wright
%
I put contact lenses in my dog's eyes. They had little pictures of
cats on them. Then I took one out and he ran around in circles.

- Steven Wright
%
I put hardwood floors on top of wall-to-wall carpet.

- Steven Wright
%
I put my air conditioner in backwards. It got cold outside. The
weatherman on TV was confused. "It was supposed to be hot today."

- Steven Wright
%
I recently got a new camera. It's really new, I mean Really new.. you
don't even need it.

- Steven Wright
%
I replaced the headlights in my car with strobe lights, so it looks
like I'm the only one moving.

- Steven Wright
%
I saw a bank that said "24 Hour Banking", but I don't have that much
time.

- Steven Wright
%
I saw a friend recently. He asked why I hadn't called him. I told him
I can't call everyone I want because my new phone has no 5 on it. He
asked me how long I had had the phone, but I couldn't tell him because
my calendar has no sevens on it.

- Steven Wright
%
I saw a man with a wooden leg, and a real foot.

- Steven Wright
%
I saw a sign: "Rest Area 25 Miles". That's pretty big. Some people
must be really tired.

- Steven Wright
%
I saw a small bottle of cologne and asked if it was for sale. She
said, "It's free with purchase." I asked her if anyone bought anything
today.

- Steven Wright
%
I spilled spot remover on my dog. Now he's gone.

- Steven Wright
%
I stayed up all night playing poker with Tarot cards. I got a full
house and seven people died.

- Steven Wright
%
I think it's wrong that the game Monopoly is made by only one company.

- Steven Wright
%
I tried sniffing Coke once, but ice cubes went up my nose.

- Steven Wright
%
I tried to hang myself with bungee cord. I kept almost dying.

- Steven Wright
%
I used to have an open mind but my brains kept falling out.

- Steven Wright
%
I used to work at a factory where they made hydrants; but you couldn't
park anywhere near the place.

- Steven Wright
%
I want to get a full body tattoo of myself, only bigger.

- Steven Wright
%
I was arrested for lip-syncing karaoke.

- Steven Wright
%
I was arrested for selling illegal-sized paper.

- Steven Wright
%
I was born by Caesarean section, but you really can't tell... except
that when I leave my house, I always go out the window...

- Steven Wright
%
I was cleaning out my closet and I found this old bathing suit I'd
made out of sponges. I remember when I wore it to the pool. When I
left, and no one could go swimming until I came back.

- Steven Wright
%
I was going 70 miles an hour and got stopped by a cop who said, "Do
you know the speed limit is 55 miles per hour?" "Yes, officer, but I
wasn't going to be out that long..."

- Steven Wright
%
I was going to tape some records onto a cassette, but I got the wires
backwards. I erased all of the records. When I returned them to my
friend, he said, "Hey, these records are all blank."

- Steven Wright
%
I was in a job interview and I opened a book and started reading. Then
I said to the guy, "Let me ask you a question. If you are in a car
that is traveling at the speed of light, and you turn on the
headlights, does anything happen?" He said, "I don't know." I said, "I
don't think I want to work for you."

- Steven Wright
%
I was in the first submarine. Instead of a periscope, they had a
kaleidoscope. "We're surrounded."

- Steven Wright
%
I was once arrested for walking in someone else's sleep.

- Steven Wright
%
I was reading the dictionary; I thought it was a poem about
everything.

- Steven Wright
%
I was sad because I had no shoes, until I met a man who had no feet.
So I said, "Got any shoes you're not using?"

- Steven Wright
%
I was trying to daydream, but my mind kept wandering.

- Steven Wright
%
I watched the Indy 500, and I was thinking that if they left earlier
they wouldn't have to go so fast.

- Steven Wright
%
I went camping and borrowed a circus tent by mistake. I didn't notice
until I got it set up. People complained because they couldn't see the
lake.

- Steven Wright
%
I went into this bar and sat down next to a pretty girl. She looked at
me and said, "Hey, you have two different colored socks on." I said,
"Yeah, I know, but to me they're the same because I go by thickness."

- Steven Wright
%
I went to a garage sale. "How much for the garage?" "It's not for
sale."

- Steven Wright
%
I went to a general store, but they wouldn't let me buy anything
specific.

- Steven Wright
%
I went to a restaurant that serves "breakfast at any time." So I
ordered French Toast during the Renaissance.

- Steven Wright
%
I went to court for a parking ticket. I pleaded insanity. I said,
"Your honor, why would anyone in their right mind park in the passing
lane?"

- Steven Wright
%
I went to the museum where they had all the heads and arms from the
statues that are in all the other museums.

- Steven Wright
%
I went to this restaurant last night that was set up like a big buffet
in the shape of an Ouija board. You'd think about what kind of food
you want, and the table would move across the floor to it.

- Steven Wright
%
I woke up one day and everything in the apartment had been stolen and
replaced with an exact replica. I said to my roommate "Can you believe
this? Everything in the apartment has been stolen and replaced with an
exact replica." He said, "Do I know you?"

- Steven Wright
%
I worked as a parking attendant at Logan Airport, I parked jets. They
had to let me go though because I kept locking the keys in them. One
day I was on an 86 foot stepladder trying to get in the window with a
coat hanger.

- Steven Wright
%
I worked in a health food store once. A guy came in and asked me, "If
I melt dry ice, can I take a bath without getting wet?"

- Steven Wright
%
I wrote a few children's books...not on purpose.

- Steven Wright
%
I wrote a song, but I can't read music so I don't know what it is.
Every once in a while I'll be listening to the radio and I say, "I
think I might have written that."

- Steven Wright
%
I'd kill for a Nobel Peace Prize.

- Steven Wright
%
I'm a very difficult size to shop for; I'm an extra-medium.

- Steven Wright
%
I'm going to court next week. I've been selected for jury duty. It's
kind of an insane case -- 6000 ants dressed up as rice and robbed a
Chinese restaurant. I don't think they did it.

- Steven Wright
%
I'm moving to Mars next week, so if you have any boxes...

- Steven Wright
%
I'm writing a book. I've got the page numbers done, so now I just have
to fill in the rest.

- Steven Wright
%
I'm writing an unauthorized autobiography. When it's finished I'm
going to sue myself.

- Steven Wright
%
In my new house there's a switch on the wall that doesn't do anything,
so for fun I'd just flick it up and down, over and over. Then one day
I got a letter from a woman in Germany. It just said, "Cut it out."

- Steven Wright
%
I've been doing a lot of abstract painting lately, extremely abstract.
No brush, no paint, no canvas. I just think about it.

- Steven Wright
%
If a person with multiple personalities threatens suicide, is that
considered a hostage situation?

- Steven Wright
%
If at first you don't succeed, then skydiving definitely isn't for
you.

- Steven Wright
%
If it's tourist season, why can't we shoot them?

- Steven Wright
%
If it's zero degrees outside today and it's supposed to be twice as
cold tomorrow, how cold is it going to be?

- Steven Wright
%
If man evolved from monkeys and apes, why do we still have monkeys and
apes?

- Steven Wright
%
If olive oil comes from olives, where does baby oil come from?

- Steven Wright
%
If toast always lands butter-side down,and cats always land on their
feet, what happen if you strap toast on the back of a cat and drop it?

- Steven Wright
%
If you got into a taxi and the driver started driving backward, would
the taxi driver end up owing you money?

- Steven Wright
%
If you think nobody cares about you, try missing a couple of payments.

- Steven Wright
%
If you were going to shoot a mime, would you use a silencer?

- Steven Wright
%
If you're not part of the solution, you're part of the precipitate.

- Steven Wright
%
In my house, on the ceilings I have paintings of the rooms above...so
I never have to go upstairs.

- Steven Wright
%
Is boneless chicken considered to be an invertebrate?

- Steven Wright
%
Is my car the only one in America where someone breaks in and turns up
my radio every time I park?

- Steven Wright
%
Isn't Disney World a people trap operated by a mouse?

- Steven Wright
%
Isn't the best way to save face to keep the lower part shut?

- Steven Wright
%
It doesn't matter what temperature the room is, it's always room
temperature.

- Steven Wright
%
It's a fine night to have an evening.

- Steven Wright
%
It's a good thing we have gravity or else when birds died they'd just
stay right up there. Hunters would be all confused.

- Steven Wright
%
It's a small world, but I wouldn't want to paint it...

- Steven Wright
%
Join the Army, meet interesting people, kill them.

- Steven Wright
%
Just think how much deeper the ocean would be if sponges didn't live
there.

- Steven Wright
%
Last night I fell asleep in a satellite dish. My dreams were broadcast
all over the world.

- Steven Wright
%
Last night I played a blank tape at full blast. The mime next door
went nuts.

- Steven Wright
%
Last week the candle factory burned down. Everyone just stood around
and sang Happy Birthday.

- Steven Wright
%
Last year I went fishing with Salvador Dali. He was using a dotted
line. He caught every other fish.

- Steven Wright
%
Last year me and my friend George drove across the country. We
switched every half mile. We only had one cassette tape to listen to
on the entire trip...I can't remember what it was.

- Steven Wright
%
Lots of comedians have people they try to mimic. I mimic my shadow.

- Steven Wright
%
Many people quit looking for work when they find a job.

- Steven Wright
%
I like my dental hygienist. I think she's very pretty. So when I'm
waiting in her office I eat an entire bag of Oreo cookies. Sometimes
she has to cancel all her other appointments.

- Steven Wright
%
My father was never proud of me. One day he asked me, "How old are
you?" I said, "I'm five." He said, "When I was your age, I was six."

- Steven Wright
%
My friend has a baby. I'm writing down all the noises he makes so
later I can ask him what he meant.

- Steven Wright
%
My girlfriend does her nails with white-out. When she's asleep, I go
over there and write misspelled words on them.

- Steven Wright
%
My grandfather gave me a watch. It doesn't have any hands or numbers.
He says it's very accurate. I asked him what time it was. You can
guess what he told me.

- Steven Wright
%
My house is made out of balsa wood. When no one is home across the
street, except the little kids, I go out and lift my house up over my
head. I tell them to stay out of my yard or I'll throw it at them.

- Steven Wright
%
My house is on the median strip of a highway. You don't really notice,
except I have to leave the driveway doing 60 MPH.

- Steven Wright
%
My neighbor has a circular driveway... he can't get out.

- Steven Wright
%
My theory of evolution is that Darwin was adopted.

- Steven Wright
%
My VCR flashes 01:35, 01:35, 01:35, ...

- Steven Wright
%
OK, so what's the speed of dark?

- Steven Wright
%
On the other hand, you have different fingers.

- Steven Wright
%
One day I put instant coffee in my microwave oven and almost went back
in time.

- Steven Wright
%
One time a cop pulled me over for running a stop sign. He said,
"Didn't you see the stop sign?" I said, "Yeah, but I don't believe
everything I read."

- Steven Wright
%
One time I woke up in the middle of the night and I was hungry. I went
to the convenience store and noticed it was closed. The sign said
"Open 24 hours" and there was a guy locking the door. I said "Hey,
your sign says you're open 24 hours." He said, "Not in a row!"

- Steven Wright
%
One time the power went out in my house and I had to use the flash on
my camera to see my way around. I made a sandwich and took fifty
pictures of my face. My neighbors called the police. They thought
there was lightning in my house.

- Steven Wright
%
Right now I'm having amnesia and déjà vu at the same time. I think
I've forgotten this before.

- Steven Wright
%
Shin: a device for finding furniture in the dark.

- Steven Wright
%
Since Americans throw rice at weddings, do Asians throw hamburgers?

- Steven Wright
%
The ice cream truck in my neighborhood plays Helter Skelter.

- Steven Wright
%
The other day I bought a decaffeinated coffee table.

- Steven Wright
%
The other day I was arrested for scalping low numbers at the deli.

- Steven Wright
%
The other day when I was walking through the woods, I saw a rabbit
standing in front of a candle making shadows of people on a tree.

- Steven Wright
%
The other day, I was walking my dog around my building...on the ledge.

- Steven Wright
%
The other night I came home late, and tried to unlock my house with my
car keys. I started the house up. So, I drove it around for a while. I
was speeding, and a cop pulled me over. He asked where I lived. I
said, "right here, officer". Later, I parked it on the freeway, got
out, and yelled at all the cars, "Get out of my driveway!"

- Steven Wright
%
The severity of the itch is proportional to the reach.

- Steven Wright
%
There was a power outage at a department store yesterday. Twenty
people were trapped on the escalators.

- Steven Wright
%
There's a fine line between fishing and standing on the shore looking
like an idiot.

- Steven Wright
%
There's a pizza place near where I live that sells only slices. In the
back you can see a guy tossing a triangle in the air.

- Steven Wright
%
They say we're 98% water. We're that close to drowning...[picks up his
glass of water from the stool]...I like to live on the edge...

- Steven Wright
%
This girl told me she was a nymphomaniac but was only attracted to
Jewish cowboys... I said, 'My name is Bucky Goldstein.'

- Steven Wright
%
This isn't all true.

- Steven Wright
%
Tinsel is really snake mirrors.

- Steven Wright
%
Today I dialed a wrong number... The other person said, "Hello?" and I
said, "Hello, could I speak to Joey?"... They said, "Uh... I don't
think so...he's only 2 months old." I said, "I'll wait."

- Steven Wright
%
Today I met with a subliminal advertising executive for just a second.

- Steven Wright
%
Two babies were born on the same day at the same hospital. They lay
there and looked at each other. Their families came and took them
away. Eighty years later, by a bizarre coincidence, they lay in the
same hospital, on their deathbeds, next to each other. One of them
looked at the other and said, "So. What did you think?"

- Steven Wright
%
When I get real bored, I like to drive downtown and get a great
parking spot, then sit in my car and count how many people ask me if
I'm leaving.

- Steven Wright
%
When I turned two I was really anxious, because I'd doubled my age in
a year. I thought, if this keeps up, by the time I'm six I'll be
ninety.

- Steven Wright
%
When I was a fetus, I used to sneak out at night when my mother was
sleeping. I figured I should start stealing stuff while I still had no
fingerprints.

- Steven Wright
%
When I was a little kid we had a sand box. It was a quicksand box. I
was an only child, eventually.

- Steven Wright
%
When I was crossing the border into Canada, they asked if I had any
firearms with me. I said, "Well, what do you need?"

- Steven Wright
%
When I was little, my grandfather used to make me stand in a closet
for five minutes without moving. He said it was elevator practice.

- Steven Wright
%
When I'm not in my right mind, my left mind gets pretty crowded.

- Steven Wright
%
When the guy who made the first drawing board got it wrong, what did
he go back to?

- Steven Wright
%
Why are there braille dots on the keypads at drive up ATMs?

- Steven Wright
%
Why are they called buildings, when they're already finished?
Shouldn't they be called builts?

- Steven Wright
%
Why do we wait until a pig is dead to "cure" it?

- Steven Wright
%
Why do we wash bath towels? Aren't we clean when we use them?

- Steven Wright
%
Why do you press harder on a remote-control when you know the battery
is dead?

- Steven Wright
%
Why does lemon juice contain mostly artificial ingredients but
dishwashing liquid contains real lemons?

- Steven Wright
%
Why is 'abbreviated' such a long word?

- Steven Wright
%
Why is it, "A penny for your thoughts," but, "You have to put your two
cents in?" Somebody's making a penny.

- Steven Wright
%
Why is it, when a door is open it's ajar, but when a jar is open, it's
not adoor?

- Steven Wright
%
Why is the alphabet in that order? Is it because of that song?

- Steven Wright
%
Winnie and I lived in a house that ran on static electricity...If you
wanted to run the blender, you had to rub balloons on your head. If
you wanted to cook, you had to pull off a sweater real quick.

- Steven Wright
%
Yesterday I parked my car in a tow-away zone...when I came back the
entire area was missing.

- Steven Wright
%
You know how it is when you're walking up the stairs, and you get to
the top, and you think there's one more step? I'm like that all the
time.

- Steven Wright
%
You know that feeling when you're leaning back in a chair, and then
you lean back too far and start to fall and just at the last second
you catch yourself? I feel like that all the time.

- Steven Wright
%
You never really learn to swear until you learn to drive.

- Steven Wright
%
I bought some batteries, but they weren't included - so I had to buy
them again.

- Steven Wright
%
I bought some used paint. It was in the shape of a house.

- Steven Wright
%
I have a microwave fireplace. I can lay down in front of the fire for
the evening in 8 minutes.

- Steven Wright
%
I used to be a narrator for bad mimes.

- Steven Wright
%
I was once walking through the forest alone. A tree fell right in
front of me, and I didn't hear it.

- Steven Wright
%
If sometimes you can't hear me, it's because I'm in parentheses.

- Steven Wright
%
You can't have everything. Where would you put it?

- Steven Wright
