My name is Zach Galifianakis, I hope I'm pronouncing that right.

- Zach Galifianakis
%
My grandma treats me like a rock star, I guess that's why she lets me
sign her tits.....it takes forever....cause i use a pencil.

- Zach Galifianakis
%
If you love Barry Manilow, you're gonna love the Insane Clown Posse.
Love them. They're exactly... well, they're not exactly alike, but
they're a little bit alike.

- Zach Galifianakis
%
When you look like I do, it's hard to get a table for one at Chuck E.
Cheese.

- Zach Galifianakis
%
I like to go to really bad movies, during their sixth week, and there's
only one other person in the theatre, and I like to sit right next to
them. And they're like, 'excuse me?', and I'm like, 'Shhh, I can't hear
Keanu.'

- Zach Galifianakis
%
You know you're an alcoholic when the bartender knows your name... and
you've never been to that bar before.

- Zach Galifianakis
%
Fucking boring! Seriously! Goddammit, this is a DVD! I need dinosaurs,
thunder, race wars, something! Dammit, I gotta sell this motherfucker!

- Zach Galifianakis
%
I want to combine the NAACP with Mothers Against Drunk Driving. It's
called Mothers Against the Advancement of Colored People.

- Zach Galifianakis
%
I failed kindergarden because I couldn't spell my last name.

- Zach Galifianakis
%
When I was a kid, I had dyslexia. I would write about it in my "dairy."

- Zach Galifianakis
%
Whenever I'm with a woman I whisper softly into her ear, "Touch my
vagina," and she's like, "What!" and I'm like, "That's what you're
supposed to say."

- Zach Galifianakis
%
Did you ever wake up with an erection...and find yourself in a massage
chair at Brookstone? And you yell to the sales clerk "I'll take it!"

- Zach Galifianakis
%
At what age do you think it's appropriate to tell a highway it's
adopted?

- Zach Galifianakis
%
I think those neighborhood signs that say 'slow children playing' are
mean.

- Zach Galifianakis
%
My girlfriend looks a little like Charlize Theron...and a lot like
Patrick Ewing.

- Zach Galifianakis
%
I dream of moving to India, or Pakistan, and becoming a cabdriver.

- Zach Galifianakis
%
I'm going to do all new, fresh material...you guys been keeping up with
this O.J. thing?

- Zach Galifianakis
%
I call my balls the bush twins.

- Zach Galifianakis
%
I dream of starting a three-man country trio called the Chixie Dicks.

- Zach Galifianakis
%
I once walked in on my grandparents making love...And that's why I don't
eat raisins.

- Zach Galifianakis
%
My brother has ADD, which is weird because he drives a Ford Focus. I
told my brother that joke but he didn't laugh becuase he got distracted
by my shoe strings.

- Zach Galifianakis
%
I don't mean to be gross, but the only time it's good to yell "I have
diarrhea" is when you're playing Scrabble because it's worth a shitload
of points.

- Zach Galifianakis
%
My sister was recently diagnosed with multiple personalities...yesterday
she called me...my caller ID exploded.

- Zach Galifianakis
%
I wonder if in 2050 there will be a movie called, 'Dude, Where's My
Spaceship.'

- Zach Galifianakis
%
I was just thinking how unfortunate it'd be to be a fat girl named
Candy.

- Zach Galifianakis
%
Have you seen this show on Lifetime about that woman?

- Zach Galifianakis
%
I wanna open a maternity shop and call it, "We're Fucked"

- Zach Galifianakis
%
For five years now I've been addicted to cold turkey. And I would tell
people I'm quitting cold turkey. And they're like what are you quitting,
and I'm like I'm quitting fucking cold turkey.

- Zach Galifianakis
%
I rented The Importance of Being Earnest the other day, first of all I
can't believe they made another Ernest movie. And it's such a cocky
title.

- Zach Galifianakis
%
